


<h1><a name="version_one" id="version_one">Version One</a></h1>
<div class="level1">
<ol>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Here&#039;s what I used and why. <strong><acronym title="Microsoft">MS</acronym> Project</strong> : I was young and foolish. <strong><acronym title="Microsoft">MS</acronym> Excel</strong> : It&#039;s like duct-tape for corporate life…light-weight, strong, and flexible. <strong>VersionOne</strong> : It was a nice Agile tool and the company I worked at (Intel) had licenses for it. <strong>RTC [Rational Team Concert]</strong> : Someone at my corporation had recently purchased licenses for it… </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> We use Version 1 for several scrum teams in Seattle, San Francisco, San Jose and Phoenix. Version 1 is the best tool I have used for all aspects of scrum. </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> VersionOne - its very good and easy to use. </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Outstanding Product. VersionOne is easy to use and has so many incredible features at your fingertips, right out of the box. The tool provides so much information by default, we haven&#039;t had a need to do any customization. Taking advantage of the hosted model saves my company time and money in maintenance and we haven&#039;t had any issues with this arrangement. After having personally used 2 of the major competiting tools, VersionOne is the clear winner in my mind. I can&#039;t imagine using another tool to manage/plan/track my agile projects. (userstories.com)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Very nice tool. KBB looked at various Scrum tools at the end of 2007 and brought in two vendors for demos and evaluation. We decided to go through a trial with V1 after which we went and acquired the product (local installation, not hosted). (We presented on this at the Agile 2008 conference; see <a href="http://www.renerosendahl.com/docs/Migrating%20From%20SharePoint%20to%20a%20Better%20Scrum%20Tool%20-%20small.pdf" class="urlextern" title="http://www.renerosendahl.com/docs/Migrating%20From%20SharePoint%20to%20a%20Better%20Scrum%20Tool%20-%20small.pdf"  rel="nofollow">http://www.renerosendahl.com/docs/Migrating%20From%20SharePoint%20to%20a%20Better%20Scrum%20Tool%20-%20small.pdf</a>). We now have about 200 users on the system and for the most part our users like it. The tool is intuitive, flexible and supports the most common (and some not so common) Scrum practices. Major new features get added every quarter and the product is actively evolving. Like every product, there are areas that are stronger than others, but overall I think this is a great tool for Agile development teams. (userstories.com)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> V1 Works Well for Distributed Teams. In 2007 I evaluated multiple Scrum tools for a start-up with geographically distributed teams. Several tools were eliminated because they could not support the concept of multiple Scrum teams. V1 was robust, easiest to install (SaaS), and was the easiest to learn. V1 was used successfully for multiple sprints (until the start-up went kaput). Note that I do not work for V1. (userstories.com)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> The two winners, of those tested, are Version One and Agile on Demand. These two products very much sit on their own in the upper tier of products that do everything. They score very highly because they simply tick every box. This comprehensiveness does make them quite complicated to setup and use though. If you are running several projects with numerous teams and multiple releases then I&#039;d say these tools are a good place to start. The effort spent getting them set up will be rewarded. <em>(<a href="http://consultingblogs.emc.com/gavyndowst/archive/2009/08/06/reviewing-agile-process-management-tools-part-2.aspx" class="urlextern" title="http://consultingblogs.emc.com/gavyndowst/archive/2009/08/06/reviewing-agile-process-management-tools-part-2.aspx"  rel="nofollow">see the detailed review here</a>)</em></div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> We use VersionOne, which is quite good but somewhat over featured. If I we&#039;re setting up anew I&#039;d also consider BaseCamp - not purely a programming tool, but pretty good. <em>(<a href="http://en.how-to.mobi/index.php?sd=fr&amp;id=35760" class="urlextern" title="http://en.how-to.mobi/index.php?sd=fr&amp;id=35760"  rel="nofollow">mobi</a>)</em></div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> We also use VersionOne, having used ScrumWorks before. I was a little reluctant to move to it at first (its UI seemed cluttered and unclear, and I saw ScrumWork as sufficient), but now I have to say it&#039;s alright. The VersionOne taskboard, which shows the status of all tasks at a glimpse, is good.  <em>(<a href="http://en.how-to.mobi/index.php?sd=fr&amp;id=35760" class="urlextern" title="http://en.how-to.mobi/index.php?sd=fr&amp;id=35760"  rel="nofollow">mobi</a>)</em></div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li">   We use VersionOne. There are free and paid versions. I totally love it. <em>(<a href="http://en.how-to.mobi/index.php?sd=fr&amp;id=35760" class="urlextern" title="http://en.how-to.mobi/index.php?sd=fr&amp;id=35760"  rel="nofollow">mobi</a>)</em></div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> For the Scrum Masters, they use a highly-macro&#039;d Excel sheet, which they all hate. They piloted VersionOne and they all liked it. <em>(<a href="http://en.how-to.mobi/index.php?sd=fr&amp;id=35760" class="urlextern" title="http://en.how-to.mobi/index.php?sd=fr&amp;id=35760"  rel="nofollow">mobi</a>)</em></div>
</li>
</ol>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Version One" [1-4029] -->
<h2><a name="against" id="against">Against</a></h2>
<div class="level2">
<ol>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> I&#039;ve used VersionOne extensively and it&#039;s very powerful but the team I was with found it cumbersome and not a little labyrinthine. I&#039;d second Alex that PivotalTracker works really well and is quite simple. Simplicity in the toolset is important. You don&#039;t want your Scrum process being dragged in a certain, inappropriate direction because the Scrum tool your team uses happens to work that way. </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> We use ProjectCards for ours. I had evaluated VersionOne (the full version, not their new light one), Mingle, Rally, ScrumWorks and a plugin for Serena TeamTrack (which we already use). ProjectCards was great that it was a simple tool which still supported the multiple teams we&#039;re running. VersionOne and Rally were just simply <strong>too heavy for what we needed</strong> (though both looked powerful). Rally refused to talk to us because we were under 75 users and wanted to host it ourselves. <em>(<a href="http://en.how-to.mobi/index.php?sd=fr&amp;id=35760" class="urlextern" title="http://en.how-to.mobi/index.php?sd=fr&amp;id=35760"  rel="nofollow">mobi</a>)</em></div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> We tried RallyDev, VersionOne and Scrumworks. All of them are comprehensive tools but they they all took too long to set up and there were a lot of features we did not need. I went back to using Excel sheets as I was looking for something simple, till I came across ScrumEdge. <em>(<a href="http://en.how-to.mobi/index.php?sd=fr&amp;id=35760" class="urlextern" title="http://en.how-to.mobi/index.php?sd=fr&amp;id=35760"  rel="nofollow">mobi</a>)</em></div>
</li>
</ol>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Against" [4030-] -->