


<h1><a name="pivotal_tracker" id="pivotal_tracker">Pivotal Tracker</a></h1>
<div class="level1">
<ol>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> I also use a physical Scrum board with post-its as the main day-by-day working tool. As Mikael Brodd said, simplicity and visibility, are some of the benefits, but it also works as the team daily scrum meeting point, it helps the team focus on the current sprint, see “how we are doing”,… it works as a “team-building” helping tool. <strong>But</strong> as a project manager, I also use <a href="https://www.pivotaltracker.com/" class="urlextern" title="https://www.pivotaltracker.com/"  rel="nofollow">https://www.pivotaltracker.com/</a> , an on-line, free scrum-oriented tool, for planning and tracking tasks: extremly simple, intuitive, just the right features, great for distributed teams. Just look at the introductory video at <a href="https://www.pivotaltracker.com/learnmore" class="urlextern" title="https://www.pivotaltracker.com/learnmore"  rel="nofollow">https://www.pivotaltracker.com/learnmore</a> , less than 4 minutes long! (LinkedIn3)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> I&#039;ve used VersionOne extensively and it&#039;s very powerful but the team I was with found it cumbersome and not a little labyrinthine. I&#039;d second Alex that PivotalTracker works really well and is quite simple. Simplicity in the toolset is important. You don&#039;t want your Scrum process being dragged in a certain, inappropriate direction because the Scrum tool your team uses happens to work that way.  (LinkedIn3)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Another free but not open source tool is Pivotal Tracker.  <a href="http://www.pivotaltracker.com/" class="urlextern" title="http://www.pivotaltracker.com/"  rel="nofollow">http://www.pivotaltracker.com/</a>   which has been described by some as akin to an &#039;ipod&#039; compared to all the other tools in terms of ease of use and utility. (LinkedIn2)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li">  If it is the free (but without the source) aspect that is driving the question, I would recommend PivotalTracker  <a href="http://www.pivotaltracker.com" class="urlextern" title="http://www.pivotaltracker.com"  rel="nofollow">http://www.pivotaltracker.com</a>  , that I use for 2 different projects, after testing quite some tools.  (LinkedIn2)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> I&#039;ve been running with pivotaltracker.com for a year now. I love it as scrumaster and my product owners adore it. (LinkedIn2)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Définitivement le meilleur outil actuellement, hébergé sur le web calcul la vélocité automatiquement et génère les sprints tout seul. Pas de flou en matière de ce qui est DONE et non! Excellent… <em>(<a href="http://focusintelligence.ca/2009/06/01/top-outils-de-gestion-scrum/" class="urlextern" title="http://focusintelligence.ca/2009/06/01/top-outils-de-gestion-scrum/"  rel="nofollow">focusintelligence.ca</a>)</em></div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Pivotal Tracker is the best Agile project management tool in my eyes. It&#039;s simple, easy-to-use, and free. <em>(<a href="http://en.how-to.mobi/index.php?sd=fr&amp;id=35760" class="urlextern" title="http://en.how-to.mobi/index.php?sd=fr&amp;id=35760"  rel="nofollow">mobi</a>)</em></div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> If a hosted solution works for you then Pivotal Tracker is the closest I have seen to electronic index cards and is very well implemented (and free). I especially like the sparse beauty of the UI (as simple as possible but no simpler). I&#039;ll echo the other advice that you should find the tool that matches your process but, if you find that after using index cards and a whiteboard, you want /insert usual reasons for electronic solution here/, Pivotal tracker is probably what you are looking for. <em>(<a href="http://en.how-to.mobi/index.php?sd=fr&amp;id=35760" class="urlextern" title="http://en.how-to.mobi/index.php?sd=fr&amp;id=35760"  rel="nofollow">mobi</a>)</em></div>
</li>
</ol>

</div>
