


<h1><a name="explainpmt" id="explainpmt">ExplainPMT</a></h1>
<div class="level1">
<ol>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Simple, Useful, and Uncluttered. Too many tracking tools become tracking toil. ExplainPMT remains my favorite because it is Simple, Useful, and Uncluttered. <em>(userstories.com)</em> </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> solid foundation for an open source tool. eXPlainPMT provides the fundamentals for agile project planning. After using the product off and on for over a year, we found virtually no defects in the product. The best part is that it&#039;s open source (free!) and Ruby, and I hope to see the community contribute to the tool. The potential is absolutely there for this to be on par with high dollar agile project management products. <em>(userstories.com)</em> </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Fair review from project owner. I stumbled on eXPlainPMT in 2005 and began using it as a sandbox to learn rails. At the time, my role at Sabre was an agile mentor and we used a myriad of tools for managing our agile projects. I thought eXPlainPMT could be beneficial to many of our teams who were struggling with distributed teams using excel or other types of tools. After showing the tool to a few folks, the feedback was clear: “Its a good starting point but it doesn&#039;t do …” My thought of course was “Yeah, but its free!” I forked the official version of eXPlainPMT and started incorporating all the requests from our teams in my spare time and the tool began filling out. I eventually became an owner on the official version and began merging my features into the main trunk. Sabre currently manages several hundred projects which include 10&#039;s of thousands of stories. Are there products that do more…yup. Are there products that are better at some pieces of functionality…yup. eXPlainPMT is for the team who wants something lightweight, very easy to use, web based, and of course….free. <em>(userstories.com)</em> </div>
</li>
</ol>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "ExplainPMT" [1-1790] -->
<h2><a name="drawbacks" id="drawbacks">Drawbacks</a></h2>
<div class="level2">
<ol>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> eXPlainPMT is missing too many key features and its development status is uncertain, so I don’t recommend it. However, each organization should consider its own situation and feature needs before choosing a tool. Particular features may be very important for one organization but not for another. <em>(<a href="http://olex.openlogic.com/wazi/2009/comparing-open-source-agile-project-management-tools/" class="urlextern" title="http://olex.openlogic.com/wazi/2009/comparing-open-source-agile-project-management-tools/"  rel="nofollow">see the detailed review here</a>)</em></div>
</li>
</ol>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Drawbacks" [1791-] -->