


<h1><a name="scrumpad" id="scrumpad">ScrumPad</a></h1>
<div class="level1">
<ol>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> An excellent scrum project management and collaboration tool. We can create product backlog, plan for sprints, track time of individual and see the burndown chart, report bugs, post message , chat online, print task card and many things with the same tool! It&#039;s really awesome. would strongly suggest to use this tool. (userstories.com)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> ScrumPad is a simple yet complete in functionality. It uses convention over configuration. So, it is easy to get up to speed. Also it does not forces you to work in a certain way. The only requirement is that you do iterative, incremental development. I highly recommend it. <em>(<a href="http://en.how-to.mobi/index.php?sd=fr&amp;id=35760" class="urlextern" title="http://en.how-to.mobi/index.php?sd=fr&amp;id=35760"  rel="nofollow">mobi</a>)</em></div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> We use ScrumPad for our project management and we are pretty much fine with it. It has a lot many features under its hood, and is worth trying for. Some of the interesting things are that it got wiki, supports almost all the Scrum functionalities, supports pair programming, and has a responsive customer service :). The quick tour videos will allow the starters to get the hang of it. <em>(<a href="http://en.how-to.mobi/index.php?sd=fr&amp;id=35760" class="urlextern" title="http://en.how-to.mobi/index.php?sd=fr&amp;id=35760"  rel="nofollow">mobi</a>)</em></div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> I&#039;d like to recommend Scrumpad. It has a simple and friendly interface. I&#039;ve been using Scrumpad to manage sprints and stories for over a year, really like it. It&#039;s easy to use and to manage stories within a specific sprint or cross multiple sprints. It also provides the traceability among stories if one story got split or descoped. <em>(<a href="http://en.how-to.mobi/index.php?sd=fr&amp;id=35760" class="urlextern" title="http://en.how-to.mobi/index.php?sd=fr&amp;id=35760"  rel="nofollow">mobi</a>)</em></div>
</li>
</ol>

</div>
