


<h1><a name="planning_poker" id="planning_poker">Planning Poker</a></h1>
<div class="level1">
<ol>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Redmine (plugin: TaskBoard, BurnUp/BurnDown Chart). Planningpoker.com. Mamble or Skype. Enterprise Architect. Teamviewer.com. </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Count me as another planning poker fan. (LinkedIn3)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> We also use the poker planning. It works! I have heard of others using poker chips representing the available time of the sprint but I have never used them myself… (LinkedIn3)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> quickly…here&#039;s a short list… Rally. planning poker. <acronym title="Microsoft">MS</acronym> excel. Google docs (LinkedIn3)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Planning Poker is a must. (LinkedIn3)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> We tried to use planning poker for about a year, ultimately we converted (against our will) to calling 8 perfect man hours a single point, mostly because the big boss kept beating up our project managers about “WHEN” are you going to be “done.” We have literally thousands of features and actually a handful of concurrent projects working asynchronously by a total of less than a dozen developers to get to a deliverable point. Poker might work for smaller sprints with larger teams and no deadlines. With larger sprints, with fewer developers, with cold hard deadlines, it was almost impossible to predict a fair date for the work that was prioritized and assigned to a sprint. (LinkedIn3)</div>
</li>
</ol>

</div>
