


<h1><a name="icescrum_icescrum" id="icescrum_icescrum">Icescrum / Icescrum ²</a></h1>
<div class="level1">
<ol>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Interesting web-based tool. It has some really nice concepts on board. Planning poker powers user stories estimation. Stories represented by cards and there are several useful filters presets. When you add a user story it has template “As … I want … In order to ..”. which is very nice and helpful. The downside is usability. Some very important actions like Add Sprint, Burn Down chart, etc available only via context menu! I spent half an hour to figure out how to plan a release and it was just a luck that I did the right click on the release name. Release and Iteration planning is very hard initially. IceScrum is hard from the beginning, but it has nice features set and can be adopted by agile team. Pros : Planning Poker, Parking Lot and Burn Down Chart, Good Pojects/Releases/Sprints concept support, Drag and Drop for Task Board and Estimation, Themes support. Cons : Labels are counterintuitive, many labels are in French, strange navigation sometime, Poor documentation (no English manual), Release/Iteration planning is complex, Works for small teams only.  <em>(agile-tools.net)</em></div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> (Thumbs up). :)  <em>(sourceforge.net)</em></div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Overall I give high marks to Agilefant, IceScrum and Agilo. XPlanner has significant drawbacks but is a very capable tools the feature sets meet your needs. eXPlainPMT is missing too many key features and its development status is uncertain, so I don’t recommend it. However, each organization should consider its own situation and feature needs before choosing a tool. Particular features may be very important for one organization but not for another. <em>(<a href="http://olex.openlogic.com/wazi/2009/comparing-open-source-agile-project-management-tools/" class="urlextern" title="http://olex.openlogic.com/wazi/2009/comparing-open-source-agile-project-management-tools/"  rel="nofollow">see the detailed review here</a>)</em></div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Take a look at IceScrum, an opensource apache tomcat web application. <em>(<a href="http://en.how-to.mobi/index.php?sd=fr&amp;id=35760" class="urlextern" title="http://en.how-to.mobi/index.php?sd=fr&amp;id=35760"  rel="nofollow">mobi</a>)</em></div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Une fois que vous avez bien compris ce qu&#039;est Scrum+XP, ce que peut apporter un outil, dans le cadre de votre contexte (sécurité…) alors il est temps de passer… à Icescrum par exemple.(<a href="http://etreagile.thierrycros.net/home/index.php?post/2009/10/16/Outil-Excel-pour-Scrum-:-intérêts-et-limites" class="urlextern" title="http://etreagile.thierrycros.net/home/index.php?post/2009/10/16/Outil-Excel-pour-Scrum-:-intérêts-et-limites"  rel="nofollow">EtreAgile</a>)</div>
</li>
</ol>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Icescrum / Icescrum ²" [1-2230] -->
<h2><a name="former_users" id="former_users">Former users</a></h2>
<div class="level2">

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Former users" [2231-] -->