


<h1><a name="firescrum" id="firescrum">FireScrum</a></h1>
<div class="level1">

<p>

Website : <a href="http://sourceforge.net/projects/firescrum/" class="urlextern" title="http://sourceforge.net/projects/firescrum/"  rel="nofollow">http://sourceforge.net/projects/firescrum/</a>
</p>

<p>
FireScrum is an intuitive and easy-to-use SCRUM projects management environment focused on Rich Internet Application(RIA) technology.

</p>
<ol>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> I really like to use my post-its to keep the things as simples as possible.However, now we are trying to follow FireScrum tool (<a href="http://www.firescrum.com" class="urlextern" title="http://www.firescrum.com"  rel="nofollow">www.firescrum.com</a>), an open-source tool, to support our development. There are interesting features like <strong>task board</strong> (post-it like), online colaborative <strong>planning poker</strong>, <strong>burning charts</strong>, <strong>backlog</strong> control, <strong>test suites</strong> and <strong>bug tracking</strong>. It&#039;s very <strong>simple</strong> to use, although kind <strong>boring to install</strong>. (LinkedIn3)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Firescrum is a very nice tool, it has a great future.  <em>(sourceforge.net)</em></div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> A great start to a Scrum management tool.  <em>(sourceforge.net)</em></div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> good  <em>(sourceforge.net)</em></div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> We are infact about to release this tool for our internal production usage. This tool is promising and so easy and intuitive for end users.  <em>(sourceforge.net)</em></div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Is beatutifull and very good, i like for girls on projects free.  <em>(sourceforge.net)</em></div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Very clean and nice interface. Easy to use. Still needs some work to make it more usable but definitively has a great start  <em>(sourceforge.net)</em></div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Very nice tool, straight forward. We are enjoying using it. Hast definitely some edges to round up, but in the end very recommendable. <em>(sourceforge.net)</em></div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Firescrum is a easy to use, light-weighted but powerful tools especially for SCRUM. Look forward to the next release!!!  <em>(sourceforge.net)</em></div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Firescrum is a really nice and simple tool to control development projects. I&#039;m using the tool to control up to 5 projects in parallel with a developer team of 15-20 members and it is being super productive. Lack of documentation is a problem (specially in the installation) but the simple layout is intuitive. <em>(sourceforge.net)</em></div>
</li>
</ol>

</div>
