


<h1><a name="agile_express" id="agile_express">Agile Express</a></h1>
<div class="level1">
<ol>
<li class="level1"><div class="li">  Express is completely open source and completely free. Project home page is:  <a href="http://agileexpress.sourceforge.net" class="urlextern" title="http://agileexpress.sourceforge.net"  rel="nofollow">http://agileexpress.sourceforge.net</a>  . It has a very <strong>clean</strong> and <strong>easy to use</strong> web based UI written in Flex. It provides <strong>backlog</strong> management, <strong>iteration</strong> management, has a <strong>virtual wall</strong>, <strong>burndown charts</strong> and velocity comparison charts.  (LinkedIn3)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Try Agile Express <a href="http://sourceforge.net/projects/agileexpress" class="urlextern" title="http://sourceforge.net/projects/agileexpress"  rel="nofollow">http://sourceforge.net/projects/agileexpress</a>. We&#039;ve been using this for a while. (LinkedIn2)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li">  Have a look at Express Jan,  <a href="http://agilexpress.sourceforge.net" class="urlextern" title="http://agilexpress.sourceforge.net"  rel="nofollow">http://agilexpress.sourceforge.net</a>  It allows you to configure a project so that it&#039;s stories measure effort in points, days, or hours. It supports multiple tasks per story that for which effort is measured in hours. It has a virtual wall in the scrum style with stories stationary on the left and tasks which move through swim-lanes. Of course it is open source and completely free. If you do try it out I would really appreciate some feedback on the project forums, the feedback I am getting is really helping to build and prioritise the product backlog. (LinkedIn2)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> As good as ScrumWorks but without the overheads of the fat java client !  <em>(sourceforge.net)</em></div>
</li>
</ol>

</div>
