


<h1><a name="rally" id="rally">Rally</a></h1>
<div class="level1">
<ol>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Physical boards have advantages, but they don&#039;t work well with distributed teams. I prefer to use Agile PM apps, like Rally, for this kind of  situation. (LinkedIn3)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> quickly…here&#039;s a short list… Rally, planning poker, <acronym title="Microsoft">MS</acronym> excel, Google docs (LinkedIn3)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> We use Rally. From what I have seen it provides the most comprehensive way for team members to track tasks, against the backlog - which they all do really - as well as collect statistics around things like project velocity and iteration burn down. I also prefer all of the views it gives you so that you can break down progress by team members and iterations. (LinkedIn3)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Very positive experience with Rally. (LinkedIn3)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> We used XPlanner which was enough for backlog - iteration tracking. Now we use Rally which gives much <strong>more possibilities like release planning</strong>, <strong>bug tracking</strong> and there are plenty of tools for <strong>integration with other systems</strong> and IDEs (Eclipse and VS). It has also pretty<strong> good <acronym title="Application Programming Interface">API</acronym></strong> that could be used for integration with internal systems (e.g. publishing release and iteration Burndown chart on intranet sites). (LinkedIn3)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li">  I <strong>like</strong> Rally, but it is <strong>expansive</strong> and there is no <acronym title="Lightweight Directory Access Protocol">LDAP</acronym> <em>(edit : actually it is incorrect, rally does have an <acronym title="Lightweight Directory Access Protocol">LDAP</acronym> connector)</em>. (LinkedIn3)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> We use Rally. It is fairly comprehensive and covers everything from backlog, user stories, releases, tasks, and bunch of reports that can be customizable. <a href="http://www.rallydev.com/" class="urlextern" title="http://www.rallydev.com/"  rel="nofollow">http://www.rallydev.com/</a> (LinkedIn3)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> I&#039;ve done the Scrumworks route, it left a lot to be desired, but got the basic job done. Recently working with <a href="http://www.rallysoftware.com" class="urlextern" title="http://www.rallysoftware.com"  rel="nofollow">www.rallysoftware.com</a> which supports <strong>Jira integration</strong> as well, much better tool, the <strong>community edition is free</strong>, but not open source. (LinkedIn2)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li">  Forrester has awarded Rally Enterprise the highest overall score for ”… current balance of product capability and strategic outlook” in its venerated Wave Report. Feel free to grab a copy of this report at  <a href="http://www.rallydev.com/downloads/document/206-forrester-wave-agile-development-management-tools,-q2-2010.html" class="urlextern" title="http://www.rallydev.com/downloads/document/206-forrester-wave-agile-development-management-tools,-q2-2010.html"  rel="nofollow">http://www.rallydev.com/downloads/document/206-forrester-wave-agile-development-management-tools,-q2-2010.html</a>  (LinkedIn3)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Great application lifecycle management tool that allows Agile organizations to manage the complete process from planning, developing, testing, and deploying. We choose Rally&#039;s Enterprise Edition over VersionOne and XP Tracker after a thorough evaluation almost two years ago. While the products were functionally similar, my team found the Rally interface to be more intuitive and responsive. Recently updates (Rally consistently deploys every two months or so) have streamlined the <acronym title="Graphical User Interface">GUI</acronym> even further, improved overall performance, and greatly expanded test management capabilities. community-contributed plugins help integrate Rally into our development environment (VS 2008) and automated build environment (CruiseControl.Net). Search is an opportunity for improvement – would be very nice to have additional filtering capabilities as mentioned in an earlier review. (userstories.com)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Experienced CSM chooses Rally! I evaluated many products to support my Scrum focused projects and Rally was far and away the best. It is one of the best examples of the SaaS (Software as a Service) model in action. I don&#039;t have to worry about equipment to maintain, I simply log on to my Rally account. Managers are blown away with the insight they get into the health of a project when they see the Rally burn down charts. Developers are empowered when they go in to the system and update tasks they have taken on and see the progress reflected in the burn down chart. Sprint planning and maintenance is a snap through the advanced web 2.0 interface. My clients see the value very quickly in using the enterprise edition. It is well worth the fee. (userstories.com)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Complete End to End Solution. Great application, new features delivered every 6-8 weeks. Can integrate with many other applications such as Salesforce.com, JIRA, CruiseControl to name a few. Highly recommend if you have the budget. (userstories.com)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Good tool, great service and support. We have a small shop (three developers), and this software lets us get &#039;er done. It doesn&#039;t get in our way, and allows us to easily collaborate. We found the startup training to be excellent, particularly so because all of us were brand new to agile development. We&#039;re still not experts, but I think we have a good grasp, mostly thanks to the Rally coach who walked us through it. Highly recommend! (userstories.com)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Fonctionne très bien, intègre bien la notion de gestion des bugs un peu compliqué à la première utilisation. <em>(<a href="http://focusintelligence.ca/2009/06/01/top-outils-de-gestion-scrum/" class="urlextern" title="http://focusintelligence.ca/2009/06/01/top-outils-de-gestion-scrum/"  rel="nofollow">focusintelligence.ca</a>)</em></div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Our team uses Rally. <a href="http://www.rallydev.com" class="urlextern" title="http://www.rallydev.com"  rel="nofollow">http://www.rallydev.com</a> It seems to work good. <em>(<a href="http://en.how-to.mobi/index.php?sd=fr&amp;id=35760" class="urlextern" title="http://en.how-to.mobi/index.php?sd=fr&amp;id=35760"  rel="nofollow">mobi</a>)</em></div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> We use Rally. It meets our basic needs (our team is less than 10, so we get the free edition). There are features that it is lacking (like ability to raise the flag when impediments arise or ability to move stuff to QA while documentation tasks are still being completed, etc). <em>(<a href="http://en.how-to.mobi/index.php?sd=fr&amp;id=35760" class="urlextern" title="http://en.how-to.mobi/index.php?sd=fr&amp;id=35760"  rel="nofollow">mobi</a>)</em></div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> As our spreadsheets became too unruly to manage, we evaluated several COTS products to help manage our large enterprise Scrum projects.  We ended up selecting Rally Software as it most comprehensively met our requirements.  For more about Rally, check out my post Tearing up the spreadsheets….our move to Rally Software.  We’ve been very happy with Rally and plan to continue using it in the future.  It’s very flexible and extremely scalable. <em>(<a href="http://edgehopper.com/grab-bag-of-scrum-tools/" class="urlextern" title="http://edgehopper.com/grab-bag-of-scrum-tools/"  rel="nofollow">See the complete review of EdgeHopper</a>)</em></div>
</li>
</ol>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Rally" [1-5729] -->
<h2><a name="former_users" id="former_users">Former users</a></h2>
<div class="level2">
<ol>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Clumsy, poor search. The UI is clumsy, and the search is by keyword only, which means you can&#039;t quickly and easily find all unfinished stories with the string “foo”. (userstories.com)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> We used to use Rally, but everyone in development really hated it - it was slow, unintuitive, cumbersome, and in general not at all what we wanted although it was fairly pricey. After living with it for almost a year, we switched to Target Process, which is actually quite a good tool. The other good thing about TP is that the company behind it isn&#039;t as well known as VersionOne and Rally, and so are much more responsive to our needs than Rally ever was… <em>(<a href="http://en.how-to.mobi/index.php?sd=fr&amp;id=35760" class="urlextern" title="http://en.how-to.mobi/index.php?sd=fr&amp;id=35760"  rel="nofollow">mobi</a>)</em></div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> We use ProjectCards for ours. I had evaluated VersionOne (the full version, not their new light one), Mingle, Rally, ScrumWorks and a plugin for Serena TeamTrack (which we already use). ProjectCards was great that it was a simple tool which still supported the multiple teams we&#039;re running. VersionOne and Rally were just simply <strong>too heavy for what we needed</strong> (though both looked powerful). Rally refused to talk to us because we were under 75 users and wanted to host it ourselves. <em>(<a href="http://en.how-to.mobi/index.php?sd=fr&amp;id=35760" class="urlextern" title="http://en.how-to.mobi/index.php?sd=fr&amp;id=35760"  rel="nofollow">mobi</a>)</em></div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> We tried RallyDev, VersionOne and Scrumworks. All of them are comprehensive tools but they they all took too long to set up and there were a lot of features we did not need. I went back to using Excel sheets as I was looking for something simple, till I came across ScrumEdge. <em>(<a href="http://en.how-to.mobi/index.php?sd=fr&amp;id=35760" class="urlextern" title="http://en.how-to.mobi/index.php?sd=fr&amp;id=35760"  rel="nofollow">mobi</a>)</em></div>
</li>
</ol>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Former users" [5730-] -->