


<h1><a name="jira_with_greenhopper" id="jira_with_greenhopper">Jira with Greenhopper</a></h1>
<div class="level1">
<ol>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Jira with Greenhopper works excellent. It is very flexible and has that scrum board feeling to it. I used to be a big fan of moving physical cards across a board, but this doesn&#039;t help if you have a <strong>distributed team</strong>. You also <strong>lose out on a lot of stats</strong>. Planning Poker is a must. (LinkedIn3)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> I agree with Mikael Brodd, and Shane O&#039;Neil. The core elements - a physical board with post-its and planning poker are a must. For distributed teams, find a common time and use Skype or GoToMeeting to run the standups. Map the backlog, post-its etc to Jira with Greenhopper too, so that you can have the <strong>stats</strong>. It really boosts team moral to physically move a post-it to the “Done” column on the board.. even if its only the local team who actually sees it, also when the CEO walks new/potential customers through the company dev space he has something great to show and talk about.. (LinkedIn3)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Jira with Greenhopper is one of the best tools out there today <acronym title="In my humble opinion">IMHO</acronym>. It&#039;s almost entirely <strong>customizeable</strong> to fit your specific project needs in addition to the good things others have said about it. (LinkedIn3)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Currently we only use a task board and excel (for the burndown chart) because the team is co-located. We are adding a member to the team who is remote and we will use Jira Greenhopper so that we have a virtual task board. The decision about what tools to use was left for the team to make. (LinkedIn3)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Jira/Greenhopper and Physical Boards. (LinkedIn3)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> At one of the companies I worked at we used Agilo for a time, but ended up switching it out for Jira &amp; Greenhopper. (<a href="http://www.atlassian.com/software/jira/" class="urlextern" title="http://www.atlassian.com/software/jira/"  rel="nofollow">http://www.atlassian.com/software/jira/</a>  ). Atlassian (who develops Jira) may still offer free licenses for Open Source projects (the product itself isn&#039;t open source though)  (LinkedIn2)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Jira is great for Scrum. It&#039;s not open source, but it is free to non-profits and open source projects. (LinkedIn2)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> In my experience it is worth paying for commercial tools such as Atlassian Jira and Greenhopper. The licence costs will be insignificant compared to overall project costs and the &#039;peace of mind&#039; factor of having a professional support contract should not be underestimated. (LinkedIn2)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li">  Same here: JIRA + GreenHopper and cork boards (no wonder as we work for Atlassian). To easily move from JIRA/GH to cork boards we use our own plugin (now available for purchase) - Agile Scrum Cards Print Plugin for JIRA (  <a href="https://plugins.atlassian.com/plugin/details/9601" class="urlextern" title="https://plugins.atlassian.com/plugin/details/9601"  rel="nofollow">https://plugins.atlassian.com/plugin/details/9601</a>  ). We wrote this plugin specifically for ourselves (how to marry JIRA/GH and physical boards) and it turned out that people like it so we sell it. (LinkedIn3)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> I have used Greenhopper where JIRA was already available. It requires just a little bit of customization to 2-3 fields in Jira to make the burndowns and estimates work as I expected. Overall, it worked very well. <em>(<a href="http://en.how-to.mobi/index.php?sd=fr&amp;id=35760" class="urlextern" title="http://en.how-to.mobi/index.php?sd=fr&amp;id=35760"  rel="nofollow">mobi</a>)</em></div>
</li>
</ol>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Jira with Greenhopper" [1-2958] -->
<h2><a name="former_users" id="former_users">Former users</a></h2>
<div class="level2">
<ol>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Personally, I found using greenhopper to be a massive waste of time. It did nothing but create administration work. You know team&#039;s worldview has been twisted up beyond recognition when the greenhopper fan on the team says “yes, we&#039;ve still got 5 hours left but only 2 real ones(!)”… Honestly - index cards and a pen work better. <em>(<a href="http://en.how-to.mobi/index.php?sd=fr&amp;id=35760" class="urlextern" title="http://en.how-to.mobi/index.php?sd=fr&amp;id=35760"  rel="nofollow">mobi</a>)</em></div>
</li>
</ol>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Former users" [2959-] -->