


<h1><a name="mingle" id="mingle">Mingle</a></h1>
<div class="level1">
<ol>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Great visual metaphor. One of the best things about Mingle is its visual metaphor. You can set it up so that it looks just like your story wall. Of course, you can create multiple views, so that you can view the cards in whatever ways you like, using various sorting and grouping options. I also like that I can drag and drop a card from one column (Development) to another (Testing) and have certain triggers fire to change data. While this was lacking in early versions, it&#039;s there now and very valuable. Overall, I find it easy to set up and configure, and easy to use. (userstories.com)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> I can&#039;t reiterate how crucial it is to find your process before you let a tool dictate it for you. Start with the basics: note cards, whiteboards, big visible charts, excel (if needed for tracking). Later on you can decide which tool will support how your team works best. I love how Mingle is flexible and seems to have a lot of good features, but it does require serious customization. <em>(<a href="http://en.how-to.mobi/index.php?sd=fr&amp;id=35760" class="urlextern" title="http://en.how-to.mobi/index.php?sd=fr&amp;id=35760"  rel="nofollow">mobi</a>)</em></div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Mingle. Eminently flexible. <a href="http://mingle.thoughtworks.com/mingle-agile-project-management" class="urlextern" title="http://mingle.thoughtworks.com/mingle-agile-project-management"  rel="nofollow">http://mingle.thoughtworks.com/mingle-agile-project-management</a>.  <em>(<a href="http://en.how-to.mobi/index.php?sd=fr&amp;id=35760" class="urlextern" title="http://en.how-to.mobi/index.php?sd=fr&amp;id=35760"  rel="nofollow">mobi</a>)</em></div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> We use mingle for all our development projects, the user experience is very intuitive and the flexible view format really give it an edge over the competition. We have also started to use the tree structure and this has allowed us to implement automated rollup reports to track estimates and actual hours on all stories and cards. Now we spend more time on the interesting work and less time fighting spreadsheets and the like. <em>(<a href="http://en.how-to.mobi/index.php?sd=fr&amp;id=35760" class="urlextern" title="http://en.how-to.mobi/index.php?sd=fr&amp;id=35760"  rel="nofollow">mobi</a>)</em></div>
</li>
</ol>

</div>
