


<h1><a name="xplanner_xplanner" id="xplanner_xplanner">XPlanner / Xplanner+</a></h1>
<div class="level1">
<ol>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> I like xplanner. It&#039;s opensource and you <strong>can extend it to meet your needs</strong>.  Update: Xplanner is being replaced by Xplanner +. You can review this tool in the sourceforge portal of the project: <a href="http://xplanner-plus.sourceforge.net/index.html" class="urlextern" title="http://xplanner-plus.sourceforge.net/index.html"  rel="nofollow">http://xplanner-plus.sourceforge.net/index.html</a> (LinkedIn2)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> XPlanner is one of the first web based agile project management tools and it has more features than other products. XPlanner is solid and used by many companies. Pros : Most feature-complete tool among other free open source products, Integrated time tracking, Several nice reports like burn down chart, Export, <acronym title="Simple Object Access Protocol">SOAP</acronym> <acronym title="Application Programming Interface">API</acronym>, Email Notifications. Cons : Hard setup for anyone who do not familiar with Java world. <em>(agile-tools.net)</em></div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Finally, sitting sort of on its own is XPlanner. This is an open source project and offers much already and promises much more. Currently as with the three in the previous group it&#039;s focused on the core backlog and task management areas. Those things that can be considered as improved interfaces such as task boards, burndowns are not there yet. It&#039;s one to keep an eye on though due to its price and its open source nature makes it potentially integratable with other tools. <em>(<a href="http://consultingblogs.emc.com/gavyndowst/archive/2009/08/06/reviewing-agile-process-management-tools-part-2.aspx" class="urlextern" title="http://consultingblogs.emc.com/gavyndowst/archive/2009/08/06/reviewing-agile-process-management-tools-part-2.aspx"  rel="nofollow">see the detailed review here</a>)</em></div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> we use XPlanner+ and develop it :) XPlanner-Plus is an open source tool for agile, scrum teams. It&#039;s based on XPlanner and has a new and improved features, such as fancy design, email notifications for tasks&#039; status and others. Demo is available. <em>(<a href="http://en.how-to.mobi/index.php?sd=fr&amp;id=35760" class="urlextern" title="http://en.how-to.mobi/index.php?sd=fr&amp;id=35760"  rel="nofollow">mobi</a>)</em></div>
</li>
</ol>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "XPlanner / Xplanner+" [1-1680] -->
<h2><a name="former_users" id="former_users">Former users</a></h2>
<div class="level2">
<ol>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> We used XPlanner which was <strong>enough for backlog</strong> - iteration tracking. Now we use Rally which gives much more possibilities like release planning, bug tracking and there are plenty of tools for integration with other systems and IDEs (Eclipse and VS). It has also pretty good <acronym title="Application Programming Interface">API</acronym> that could be used for integration with internal systems (e.g. publishing release and iteration Burndown chart on intranet sites). (LinkedIn3)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> XPlanner has significant drawbacks but is a very capable tools the feature sets meet your needs. eXPlainPMT is missing too many key features and its development status is uncertain, so I don’t recommend it. However, each organization should consider its own situation and feature needs before choosing a tool. Particular features may be very important for one organization but not for another. <em>(<a href="http://olex.openlogic.com/wazi/2009/comparing-open-source-agile-project-management-tools/" class="urlextern" title="http://olex.openlogic.com/wazi/2009/comparing-open-source-agile-project-management-tools/"  rel="nofollow">see the detailed review here</a>)</em></div>
</li>
</ol>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Former users" [1681-] -->