


<h1><a name="scrum_desk" id="scrum_desk">Scrum Desk</a></h1>
<div class="level1">
<ol>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> ScrumDesk and a big whiteboard  <em>(userstories.com)</em></div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Awsome! <em>(userstories.com)</em></div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> We&#039;ve been trying and using several scrum products, but this one satisfies our needs perfectly. I do not think you will need to search another once you install ScrumDesk. <em>(userstories.com)</em></div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> I found this product by accident when looking for something to better manage our product backlog which I&#039;d previously been doing using Excel. The transformation was near-instant. Even though we were mid-sprint at the time, within a morning I had entered the entire backlog into the product. The next morning we had automated burn-down charts and management reporting on stories and project progress. The only discipline we have had to enforce is for the team to update their progress but this is very simple using drag and drop graphical task boxes which are moved between states (not started through to done). We opted for a local installation of the <acronym title="Microsoft">MS</acronym> SQS Server database once we&#039;d tried out the remote <acronym title="Active Server Pages">ASP</acronym> model for performance reasons (but we are in Australia). The application itself is .NET and has slotted into our existing <acronym title="Structured Query Language">SQL</acronym> server Windows environment without any problems or issues. Thoroughly recommended. The product itself is growing all the time and the guys supporting it seem very receptive to user-suggestions for improvements or enhancements and the quality of support received to date exceeds that of the many much larger organisations I work with on a daily basis. In short, this product gives us everything we need to manage our Scrum deliveries. The product has some &#039;extra&#039; capabilities outside formal Scrum but these don&#039;t have to be used if you don&#039;t want to use them. (such as using phases for delivery as well as sprints). Our business clients like the product too and we had them sitting round the same table using the online Planning Poker to plan and estimate stories for the current sprint. We achieved a 200 story point sprint for a team of sprint in 2 hours which I just know that previously we wouldn&#039;t have been able to do. I have not thoroughly reviewed other Scrum products but just don&#039;t feel the need to do so having used this one. It does everything we need, it works and the people who wrote and support it are only an email away if you ever need help. <em>(userstories.com)</em></div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Nice and easy to use! <em>(userstories.com)</em></div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Team Collaboration as I feel. Very handy and easy to use tool which supports development needs. ScrumDesk is useful through the entire life cycle of a product. Provides all important and real-time information about your projects (progress, statistics, teams,…) on very handy dashboard. <em>(userstories.com)</em></div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Use it! Very easy tool not just for management of the team, but also keeping it on the best way how to implement agile and Scrum. Guys did great progress since it was published here. We run it in enterprise company in distributed environment and we really liked it. <em>(userstories.com)</em></div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Petite mention pour ScrumDesk, qui présente des approches très intéressantes mais qui manque encore de maturité. <em>(<a href="http://focusintelligence.ca/2009/06/01/top-outils-de-gestion-scrum/" class="urlextern" title="http://focusintelligence.ca/2009/06/01/top-outils-de-gestion-scrum/"  rel="nofollow">focusintelligence.ca</a>)</em></div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> You can take a look on ScrumDesk. It is targeted on Scrum method and used in small or enterprise companies. Stories are displayed as cards, in the grid, unique tree map or on the task board. Reports are accessible on one, interactive, view. Data can be synchronized with TFS too. It is free for up to 5 users. <em>(<a href="http://en.how-to.mobi/index.php?sd=fr&amp;id=35760" class="urlextern" title="http://en.how-to.mobi/index.php?sd=fr&amp;id=35760"  rel="nofollow">mobi</a>)</em></div>
</li>
</ol>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Scrum Desk" [1-3587] -->
<h2><a name="former_users" id="former_users">Former users</a></h2>
<div class="level2">
<ol>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> My first impression, the hosted configuration is too complex. Summary: I chose this product because of reviews by others and the hosted version is free with less than five users. I have a Mac development shop but run Microsoft Windows in VMWare Fusion. I found the setup to be too complex for a hosted product because the user has to configure a database connection to a <acronym title="Structured Query Language">SQL</acronym> Server. I expected a hosted version to not expose the datastore details to a user. In any case, after a software upgrade released today, 4 Apr, 2010, I’m unable to connect to the application database. Chronology: On 3 Apr, 2010, I first installed the product prerequisite: NET Framework 3.5. Then installed ScrumDesk using a link in my registration email. I entered the <acronym title="Structured Query Language">SQL</acronym> Server host info, username and password, logged in as the administrator and added users. Then I setup a another user on a different computer. To do this correctly the administrator needs to remember to send the database connection info to the user using a button in the user interface. I installed an instance of ScrumDesk on the user’s computer and loaded the database connection info as described in their instructions. After setting up a few users, I transcribed my user stories from sticky notes. Incidentally, I like the backlog view, it&#039;s a nice emulation of a wall of notes. I closed the app and finished for the day. On 4 Apr, 2010, I opened the application and updated to a new version released on the same day. After the update, I was no longer able to login to the hosted version because of a <acronym title="Structured Query Language">SQL</acronym> Server connection error. I hope I haven’t lost my work. Anyway, in my opinion, I think this could be a much better product if the hosted version removed the direct database connectivity dependency and refactored the user interface using something like Adobe Air or <acronym title="HyperText Markup Language">HTML</acronym> 5. Conclusion: Given my experience, I would not recommend the current version of the product to a friend or colleague. <em>(userstories.com)</em></div>
</li>
</ol>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Former users" [3588-] -->