


<h1><a name="none" id="none">None</a></h1>
<div class="level1">
<ol>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Mike Cohn taught me this one - for scrum boards, consider using a big sheet of velour cloth with velcro backed post-its. You can role up the cloth and take it with you anywhere. (LinkedIn2)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> A whiteboard, index cards, sticky notes and colored marker pens. Because any computer-based tool obfuscates the very information that needs to be publicly and prominently displayed. Computer-based Agile tools simply don&#039;t work, which is a bemusing irony. Computers are not always the best way to solve every computer-related problem; managing agile projects falls into that category. Touch-enabled projection screens notwithstanding; which you probably won&#039;t get budget for anyway. (LinkedIn3)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Basically whiteboard + post-its , we did use Scrumworks in the past. We also have custom made cards for out planning poker sessions. <em>(<a href="http://en.how-to.mobi/index.php?sd=fr&amp;id=35760" class="urlextern" title="http://en.how-to.mobi/index.php?sd=fr&amp;id=35760"  rel="nofollow">mobi</a>)</em></div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> We use a board on the wall with sticky notes and a blackboard (actually white :)) that we use to draw the burn chart on. A <acronym title="Keep it simple stupid">KISS</acronym> as can possibly be.  <em>(<a href="http://en.how-to.mobi/index.php?sd=fr&amp;id=35760" class="urlextern" title="http://en.how-to.mobi/index.php?sd=fr&amp;id=35760"  rel="nofollow">mobi</a>)</em></div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Around here we&#039;ve also been using Cochango plugin for TFS, but whatever the chosen tool may be the important thing is visibility. Around here we started to print our Burndown chart and take it to each Daily Scrum so that everybody sees it, because when you have an “electronic only” chart people tend to miss it for days. <em>(<a href="http://en.how-to.mobi/index.php?sd=fr&amp;id=35760" class="urlextern" title="http://en.how-to.mobi/index.php?sd=fr&amp;id=35760"  rel="nofollow">mobi</a>)</em></div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Personally, I found using greenhopper to be a massive waste of time. It did nothing but create administration work. You know team&#039;s worldview has been twisted up beyond recognition when the greenhopper fan on the team says “yes, we&#039;ve still got 5 hours left but only 2 real ones(!)”… Honestly - index cards and a pen work better. <em>(<a href="http://en.how-to.mobi/index.php?sd=fr&amp;id=35760" class="urlextern" title="http://en.how-to.mobi/index.php?sd=fr&amp;id=35760"  rel="nofollow">mobi</a>)</em></div>
</li>
</ol>

</div>
