


<h1><a name="targetprocess" id="targetprocess">TargetProcess</a></h1>
<div class="level1">
<ol>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> I have several years experience with targetprocess send me your questions, I find it to be the best. <em>(LinkedIn3)</em></div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> I&#039;ve found TargetProcess to be a great balance of functionality without overhead. Even with a co-located team I still like to use a physical board as an information radiator. I&#039;m always amazed out how much information and context can be projected from simple cards. Everyone from developers to senior execs can glance at the board/wall and get an instant feel for the project. <em>(LinkedIn3)</em></div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> We also use TargetProcess and find it to be practical, simple and functional. We bring up it&#039;s virtual “task board” during the daily standup, and host that on a GoToMeeting for the distributed guys. TP is simple to use, track time, and more importantly manage resources to meet a deadline. The only drawback is that it lacks the ability to treat bugs the same as you do with tasks as far as having a virtual “task board” that you can move items to the “done” column. <em>(LinkedIn3)</em></div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Excellent, mais semble vouloir trop en faire sans le faire au complet. Les couleurs sont définitivement à revoir J <em>(<a href="http://focusintelligence.ca/2009/06/01/top-outils-de-gestion-scrum/" class="urlextern" title="http://focusintelligence.ca/2009/06/01/top-outils-de-gestion-scrum/"  rel="nofollow">focusintelligence.ca</a>)</em></div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> TargetProcess is a good tool, But if you are new to SCRUM, I recommend to use simplest tools first (whiteboard, sticky, etc.). It is important to focus on communication and process first. Then you may feel the need for software tool. <em>(<a href="http://en.how-to.mobi/index.php?sd=fr&amp;id=35760" class="urlextern" title="http://en.how-to.mobi/index.php?sd=fr&amp;id=35760"  rel="nofollow">mobi</a>)</em></div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> We have used Target Process for around a year, and it&#039;s very good. You can buy the software outright, or you can use their hosted version - both work well and the price is reasonable. We used to use Rally, but everyone in development really hated it - it was slow, unintuitive, cumbersome, and in general not at all what we wanted although it was fairly pricey. After living with it for almost a year, we switched to TP, which is actually quite a good tool. The other good thing about TP is that the company behind it isn&#039;t as well known as VersionOne and Rally, and so are much more responsive to our needs than Rally ever was… <em>(<a href="http://en.how-to.mobi/index.php?sd=fr&amp;id=35760" class="urlextern" title="http://en.how-to.mobi/index.php?sd=fr&amp;id=35760"  rel="nofollow">mobi</a>)</em></div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Target Process is nice <em>(<a href="http://en.how-to.mobi/index.php?sd=fr&amp;id=35760" class="urlextern" title="http://en.how-to.mobi/index.php?sd=fr&amp;id=35760"  rel="nofollow">mobi</a>)</em></div>
</li>
</ol>

</div>
