


<h1><a name="redmine" id="redmine">Redmine</a></h1>
<div class="level1">
<ol>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Redmine (plugin: TaskBoard, BurnUp/BurnDown Chart). Planningpoker.com. Mamble or Skype. Enterprise Architect. Teamviewer.com. (LinkedIn3)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li">  Redmine has <strong><acronym title="Lightweight Directory Access Protocol">LDAP</acronym></strong> and it&#039;s <strong>free</strong>. I like&#039;d Rally, but it is expansive and there is no <acronym title="Lightweight Directory Access Protocol">LDAP</acronym>. (LinkedIn3)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> We are using the Redmine system, trunk version with the <strong>Scrum dashboard</strong> and subtasks plug-ins. Working nicely for <strong>sprint management</strong> and <strong>bug tracking</strong>. (LinkedIn2)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li">  We are using Redmine with our customized plugins for Burndown&#039;s, Sprints and Budget tracing. Works very nicely. We have also improved team planing/resource planing by developing our own Schedules plugin. There are also nice plugins for code reviewing. All open source based on RoR. I mostly appreciate it by customizing our own workflow which allowed us to move big part of our communication to one place. Check out the  <a href="http://redmine.org" class="urlextern" title="http://redmine.org"  rel="nofollow">http://redmine.org</a>    <a href="http://www.redmine.org/users/6835" class="urlextern" title="http://www.redmine.org/users/6835"  rel="nofollow">http://www.redmine.org/users/6835</a>    <a href="http://blog.goyello.com/2009/09/08/how-to-improve-client-communication-by-reducing-amount-of-emails-in-95/" class="urlextern" title="http://blog.goyello.com/2009/09/08/how-to-improve-client-communication-by-reducing-amount-of-emails-in-95/"  rel="nofollow">http://blog.goyello.com/2009/09/08/how-to-improve-client-communication-by-reducing-amount-of-emails-in-95/</a>  (LinkedIn2)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> go redmine. it has a real good plugins for scrum and agile. (LinkedIn2)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> redmine with extensions, google docs has been doing the trick for us for now. (LinkedIn3)</div>
</li>
</ol>

</div>
