


<h1><a name="scrumworks" id="scrumworks">Scrumworks</a></h1>
<div class="level1">
<ol>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> We use ScrumWorks for product, planning sprints… It&#039;s Simple and intuitive. You can export the product into an Excel document which contains all data about the Product. (LinkedIn3)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> I agree with Juncal, Scrumworks is very effective scrum tool. The web based part of the tool makes it attractive. Recently I managed a sprint with virtual team members, and thanks to Scrumworks, without which I couldn&#039;t have imagined. (LinkedIn3)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> I used Scrumworks mostly which is good to allow <strong>distributed team</strong> keep track of the essentials whenever they like. It can be a bit <strong>fiddly</strong> and <strong>unintuitive</strong> in places though. Excel is useful when dev effort is part of wider organisational project. It is more user friendly for non-dev resources and for reporting upstairs. (LinkedIn3)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> ScrumWorks Basic is not open source, but offers free licenses with registration. <a href="http://danube.com/scrumworks/" class="urlextern" title="http://danube.com/scrumworks/"  rel="nofollow">http://danube.com/scrumworks/</a> (LinkedIn2)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> I&#039;ve used excel and scrumworks and <acronym title="In my opinion">IMO</acronym> they are not in the same league. No spreadsheet is going to compare to a purpose built tool. (<acronym title="By the way">BTW</acronym>, I&#039;m not a <acronym title="Microsoft">MS</acronym> hater and have no vested interest in Scrumworks) (LinkedIn2)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Mike Cohn&#039;s - Alternative Release Burndown Chart. ScrumWorks provides a useful and intuitive agile management product that you should evaluate and consider before making your purchase decision. The agile tools available on the market today do many similar things, some better than others, but ScrumWorks offers a feature that distinguishes them from the rest: ScrumWorks appears to be one of the only, if not *the* only, product(s) to implement Mike Cohn&#039;s Alternate Release Burndown Chart. This chart is an excellent tool for estimating and projecting the release date/range for your agile project and ScrumWorks generates it for you! Mike Cohn - Alternative Release Burndown Chart <a href="http://www.mountaingoatsoftware.com/alt-releaseburndown" class="urlextern" title="http://www.mountaingoatsoftware.com/alt-releaseburndown"  rel="nofollow">http://www.mountaingoatsoftware.com/alt-releaseburndown</a> ScrumWorks - Enhanced Product Burndown <a href="http://danube.com/docs/scrumworks/pro/latest/reports.html#prodburnenhanced" class="urlextern" title="http://danube.com/docs/scrumworks/pro/latest/reports.html#prodburnenhanced"  rel="nofollow">http://danube.com/docs/scrumworks/pro/latest/reports.html#prodburnenhanced</a>. <em>(userstories.com)</em></div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> ScrumWorks Pro works well for our distributed teams. We have development teams in multiple locations throughout the world and all are now successfully using ScrumWorks Pro. The combination of ease of use and comprehensive documentation have allowed our teams to easily make full use of the product. Our single ScrumWorks server provides more than adequate performance for these teams and is of little burden to our administrators. Project stakeholders are able to view team progress from a single location even when those teams are distributed. All in all, we are very happy with ScrumWorks and plan to continue to expand its use within our organization. <em>(userstories.com)</em></div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> I first tried Scrum Works Basic and thought the interface made sense and was easy to use. When my company was ready to commit to an agile tool, I recommended we try Pro. Everyone was able to get up to speed in a week or so and we’ve never looked back. It helps new employees learn the Scrum process and, for veterans, it becomes an integrated part of the process. This is an awesome management tool. <em>(userstories.com)</em></div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Scrumworks : Excel avec Drag’N’Drop tout simplement. Pas compliqué, facile eh oui ne fait pas grand-chose mais fonctionne TRÈS bien! <em>(<a href="http://focusintelligence.ca/2009/06/01/top-outils-de-gestion-scrum/" class="urlextern" title="http://focusintelligence.ca/2009/06/01/top-outils-de-gestion-scrum/"  rel="nofollow">focusintelligence.ca</a>)</em></div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> I&#039;ve used Scrumworks before which did a pretty good job, although if you&#039;re using TFS then Scrum for Team System is okay. <em>(<a href="http://en.how-to.mobi/index.php?sd=fr&amp;id=35760" class="urlextern" title="http://en.how-to.mobi/index.php?sd=fr&amp;id=35760"  rel="nofollow">mobi</a>)</em></div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> We use ScrumWorks and have no complaints! <em>(<a href="http://en.how-to.mobi/index.php?sd=fr&amp;id=35760" class="urlextern" title="http://en.how-to.mobi/index.php?sd=fr&amp;id=35760"  rel="nofollow">mobi</a>)</em></div>
</li>
</ol>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Scrumworks" [1-3682] -->
<h2><a name="against" id="against">Against</a></h2>
<div class="level2">
<ol>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Quality Centre. Ok so I&#039;m in HP and that influenced the decision somewhat but now that we&#039;re using it I find it very good. Used to use scrum works and it became a bit of <strong>an island not linked to any other systems</strong>. In QC requirements can be linked to tests (plans as well as execution instances) as can defects and/or incidents, it&#039;s web based and we&#039;re a virtual team distributed around the globe so that works well. Not trying to come across as an ad - a big install of QC needs plenty of care and feeding from an IT perspective so it is clearly not for everyone.but if you have it available then it might be worth investigating. (LinkedIn3)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> I&#039;ve done the Scrumworks route, it left a lot to be desired, but got the <strong>basic</strong> job done. Recently working with <a href="http://www.rallysoftware.com" class="urlextern" title="http://www.rallysoftware.com"  rel="nofollow">www.rallysoftware.com</a> which supports Jira integration as well, much better tool, the community edition is free, but not open source. </div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Basically whiteboard + post-its , we did use Scrumworks in the past. We also have custom made cards for out planning poker sessions. <em>(<a href="http://en.how-to.mobi/index.php?sd=fr&amp;id=35760" class="urlextern" title="http://en.how-to.mobi/index.php?sd=fr&amp;id=35760"  rel="nofollow">mobi</a>)</em></div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> We tried RallyDev, VersionOne and Scrumworks. All of them are comprehensive tools but they they all took too long to set up and there were a lot of features we did not need. I went back to using Excel sheets as I was looking for something simple, till I came across ScrumEdge. <em>(<a href="http://en.how-to.mobi/index.php?sd=fr&amp;id=35760" class="urlextern" title="http://en.how-to.mobi/index.php?sd=fr&amp;id=35760"  rel="nofollow">mobi</a>)</em></div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Ive previously used ScrumWorks and it worked mostly, but was rather flakey at times. <em>(<a href="http://en.how-to.mobi/index.php?sd=fr&amp;id=35760" class="urlextern" title="http://en.how-to.mobi/index.php?sd=fr&amp;id=35760"  rel="nofollow">mobi</a>)</em></div>
</li>
</ol>

</div>
<!-- SECTION "Against" [3683-] -->