


<h1><a name="google_spreadsheets" id="google_spreadsheets">Google Spreadsheets</a></h1>
<div class="level1">
<ol>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> We use a google docs spreadsheet at initial planning and prioritization with product owners but that&#039;s as technical as it gets. When development has started we use homegrown story cards and post-its for our visible workspace and Redmine for bug tracking (and maybe the wiki functionality for documentation). (LinkedIn3)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> For a team distributed over three continents (America, Europe and Asia): Excel spreadshet containing both product and sprint backlog, with some easy feauteres to mark what sprint a story/task belongs to. It only worked using the shared workbook feature because the teams <strong>shared the file system</strong>. Now I&#039;m currently setting up Scrum for a number of<strong> teams distributed in two European companies not (easily) sharing the same filesystem</strong> - and are inclined to use the same template but converted to Google Spreadsheet. Anyway, my company is using GoogleDocs as Office system. (LinkedIn3)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Google spreadsheets. Many of you will argue: “no way to link user stories, no way to link product backlog and spring backlog…”. I know, I know. However this approach has been proved. I found nothing better than Google docs from collaboration and simplicity point of view. People over processes and tools, remember? (LinkedIn2)</div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> We&#039;ve used a Google Spreadsheet for a taskboard - but, I guess, only if you have a distributed team. You get the burndown chart automatically if you set it up right. <em>(<a href="http://en.how-to.mobi/index.php?sd=fr&amp;id=35760" class="urlextern" title="http://en.how-to.mobi/index.php?sd=fr&amp;id=35760"  rel="nofollow">mobi</a>)</em></div>
</li>
</ol>

</div>
