


<h1><a name="agile_on_demand" id="agile_on_demand">Agile On Demand</a></h1>
<div class="level1">
<ol>
<li class="level1"><div class="li"> Serena Agile On Demand–Easy To Get Up-And-Running, Fast! I&#039;ve been using Serena AOD since an initial preview, and I&#039;ve always loved it, but with the latest changes in the current release…it&#039;s great! In a nutshell: The interface is easy to use and slick looking which makes it a snap to get new Agile users involved in projects. The background: I first used AOD to manage product marketing sprints with the product marketing team I was on. Being able to capture all items in the backlog (i.e. any idea that the field, execs, customers, etc.) provided, and then work with the team to prioritize and assign was priceless. No idea is ever lost. Plus, it is easy to show management both the work that was completed, and the work planned, and this visibility helped foster communication with the teams we were delivering content to. If you&#039;re sprinting, I highly recommend checking out AOD. Tim Zonca Certified ScrumMaster, Product Owner. <em>(userstories.com)</em></div>
</li>
<li class="level1"><div class="li">   - The two winners, of those tested, are Version One and Agile on Demand. These two products very much sit on their own in the upper tier of products that do everything. They score very highly because they simply tick every box. This comprehensiveness does make them quite complicated to setup and use though. If you are running several projects with numerous teams and multiple releases then I&#039;d say these tools are a good place to start. The effort spent getting them set up will be rewarded. <em>(<a href="http://consultingblogs.emc.com/gavyndowst/archive/2009/08/06/reviewing-agile-process-management-tools-part-2.aspx" class="urlextern" title="http://consultingblogs.emc.com/gavyndowst/archive/2009/08/06/reviewing-agile-process-management-tools-part-2.aspx"  rel="nofollow">see the detailed review here</a>)</em></div>
</li>
</ol>

</div>
